Update troubleshooting (#54321)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/cody/troubleshooting.md

If you’re connected to a Sourcegraph Enterprise instance, please ask your site admin to [Configure Code Graph Context](explanations/code_graph_context.md) for your Sourcegraph instance and then [Enable Cody](explanations/enabling_cody_enterprise.md) for your account.

> If you're connected to the Cody app, you can trigger indexing for a repository by adding the repo to your app under Settings > Local repositories, navigating to Settings > Advanced settings > Embeddings jobs in the app, and scheduling embedding. If your repo has no git remote, you'll need to follow the step below to set `Cody: Codebase` to the local path (eg, for `Users/myname/projects/myrepo` set `Cody: Codebase` to `myrepo`). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're connected to the Cody app, you can trigger indexing for a repository by adding the repo to your app under Settings > Local repositories, navigating to Settings > Advanced settings > Embeddings jobs in the app, and scheduling embedding. If your repo has no git remote or still shows as `Not Indexed`, you'll need to follow the step below to set `Cody: Codebase` to the repository name as displayed at Settings > Local repositories in the Cody App. 
```
